update Secrets docs (#1335)
semgrep/semgrep-docs: docs/semgrep-secrets/policies.md

---
slug: policies
append_help_link: true
title: Policies
hide_title: true
description: The Policies page is a visual representation of the rules that Semgrep Secrets uses to scan code
tags:
  - Semgrep Secrets
---

# Policies

The **Policies** page visually represents the rules Semgrep Secrets uses for scanning. 

![Overview of Semgrep Secrets policies view](/img/secrets-rules-management.png)

To access the policies page for Semgrep Secrets:

1. Log in to Semgrep Cloud Platform and navigate to **Rules** > **Policies**.

> 2. Switch to the **Secrets** page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Click **Secrets**.
```

## Policies page structure

> The Policies page consists of a header and three main panes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Policies page consists of the following elements:
```

<dl>
    <dt>Policies header</dt>
        <dd>

>             The top header consists of <strong>Validation State Policies</strong>, which lets you define how Semgrep handles findings that it categorizes as invalid or results in a validation error

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            The top header consists of <strong>Validation State Policies</strong>, which let you define how Semgrep handles findings that it categorizes as invalid or results in a validation error
```
Policies - plural

        </dd>
    <dt>Filter pane</dt>
        <dd>
           Displays filters to select and perform operations on rules in bulk quickly. See <a href="#filters">Filters</a> for more information.
        </dd>
    <dt>Rules pane</dt>
        <dd>

>             The rules pane displays the rules that Semgrep scans use to detect findings and allows you to edit their assigned rule modes. You can make these edits either one by one or through bulk editing of many rules. You can also use the <strong>Search for rule names or ids</strong> box. See <a href="#filters">Filters</a> for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            The rules pane displays the rules that Semgrep scans use to detect leaked secrets
             and allows you to edit their assigned rule modes. You can make these edits either one by one or through the bulk editing of many rules. You can also use the <strong>Search for rule names or ids</strong> box. See <a href="#filters">Filters</a> for more information.
```

        </dd>
</dl>

## Filters

The filter pane displays filters to select and perform operations on rules in bulk. The following filters are available:

| Filter | Description |
| - | - |
| Modes | Filter by the workflow action Semgrep performs when a rule detects a finding. An additional filter, **Disabled**, is provided for rules you have turned off and are no longer included for scanning. |
| Validation | Filter by whether the rule includes a validator or not. |
| Type | Filter by the type of secret the rule addresses. Examples: AWS, Adobe, DigitalOcean, GitHub, GitLab. |

> | Source | Filter by Pro secrets (authored by Semgrep) or by Custom secrets (authored by users) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Source | Filter by Pro rules (authored by Semgrep) or by Custom rules (rules you've written) |
```
1. We mean the source of the rule, not the secret.
2. Address the user

> | Severities | Filter by the severity level of the secret |

Reviewer: Do we have any docs where we state how we decide on severity levels for secrets?

> | Analysis method | Filter based on whether **Semantic** or **Generic** analysis |

Reviewer: > "whether Semantic or Generic analysis ..."

Seems incomplete?

## Rule entry reference

This section defines the columns of the rule entries in the Policies page:

| Filter | Description |
| -------  | ------ |
| Rule name  | Name of the rule Semgrep Secret uses for scanning. |
| Labels  | Metadata describing the rule, including the service for which the rule is applicable. |
| Open findings  | The number of open findings the rule detected across all scans.  |
| Fix rate  | The percentage of findings that are fixed.  |
| Severity  | The higher the severity, the more critical the issues that a rule detects.      |
| Confidence  | Indicates confidence of the rule to detect true positives.      |
| Source  | Indicates the origin of a rule. | <ul><li><strong>Pro:</strong> Authored by Semgrep. Custom:</strong> Rules created within your Semgrep organization. |

> | Ruleset  | Rules are also organized in rulesets. Currently, only `semgrep-secrets` is available. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Ruleset  | The name of the ruleset the rule belongs to. |
```

| Comment   | Rules in **Comment mode** display findings in:<ul><li>Developers' PRs or MRs</li><li>Semgrep Cloud Platform</li><li>User-defined notifications</li></ul>Set rules that have met your performance criteria to this mode when you are ready to display findings to developers.     |
| Block     | Rules in **Block mode** cause the scan job to fail with an exit code of `1` if Semgrep Secrets detects a finding from these rules. You can use this result to enforce a block on the PR or MR. For example, GitHub users can enable branch protection and set the PR to fail if the Semgrep step fails. <br />These rules display findings in:<ul><li>Developers' PRs or MRs</li><li>Semgrep Cloud Platform</li><li>User-defined notifications</li></ul>These are typically high-confidence, high-severity rules. |

## Validation state policies

You can define how Semgrep handles findings that it categorizes as invalid or results in a validation error.

> - **Invalid findings**: include secrets that, during validation, were identified as never functional or revoked.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Invalid findings**: include secrets that, during validation, were identified as revoked, or were never functional.
```
The original:

"...were identified as never functional or revoked" can be interpreted in 2 ways:
- never functional and never revoked
- never functional and revoked (the correct interpretation)

So I reworded such that "never" is not in danger of implicitly modifying "revoked"

- **Validation errors**: occur when there are difficulties reaching the secrets provider or when Semgrep receives an unexpected response from the API.

To set the rule mode for invalid findings and validation errors:

1. Log in to Semgrep Cloud Platform, and navigate to **Rules** > **Policies**.
2. Switch to the **Secrets** page.
3. Click **Validation State Policies**.
4. Set the [rule mode](#rule-modes) for **Invalid findings** and **Validation errors** by choosing the option you'd like from the drop-down menu on the right.

> ## Blocking a PR or MR through rule modes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Block a PR or MR through rule modes
```

---
slug: policies
append_help_link: true

> title: Policies

Reviewer: Can we change this to a short phrase that tells the user what they do with this thing called a "policy"?

hide_title: true

> description: The Policies page is a visual representation of the rules that Semgrep Secrets uses to scan code

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: The Policies page is a visual representation of the rules that Semgrep Secrets uses to scan code.
```

---
slug: policies
append_help_link: true
title: Policies
hide_title: true
description: The Policies page is a visual representation of the rules that Semgrep Secrets uses to scan code
tags:
  - Semgrep Secrets
---

# Policies

The **Policies** page visually represents the rules Semgrep Secrets uses for scanning. 

![Overview of Semgrep Secrets policies view](/img/secrets-rules-management.png)

To access the policies page for Semgrep Secrets:

1. Log in to Semgrep Cloud Platform and navigate to **Rules** > **Policies**.
2. Switch to the **Secrets** page.

## Policies page structure

The Policies page consists of a header and three main panes:

<dl>
    <dt>Policies header</dt>
        <dd>
            The top header consists of:
            <ul>
             <li><strong>Validation State Policies</strong>, which lets you define how Semgrep handles findings that it categorizes as invalid or results in a validation error</li>

>                     <li><i class="fa-solid fa-gear"></i> <b>Rule Modes</b> button where you can view <strong>rule modes</strong> and edit <strong>notifications</strong> for each rule mode. Rule modes define what <strong>workflow actions</strong> Semgrep Secrets performs when a rule detects a finding. For example, setting a rule's mode to <strong>Comment</strong> means that Semgrep posts PR or MR comments from findings generated by that rule. See <a href="#validation-state-policies">Validation state policies</a> for more information.</li>

Reviewer 2: Let's comment this out since this is unsupported at this time. We temporarily removed rule modes from the UI.
